Clarify CS0112 scope for C# 11 static interface members (#53157)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/misc/cs0112.md

---
# Compiler Error CS0112

A static member 'function' in a class or struct cannot be marked as override, virtual, or abstract.
  
Any method declaration in a class or struct that uses the `override`, `virtual`, or `abstract` keyword cannot also use the `static` keyword.

> Starting in C# 11, interface methods, properties, events, and operators can use `static abstract` or `static virtual`.

Reviewer: @copilot Add a sentence that prior to C# 11, interface members can't use `static` with `override`, `virtual` or `abstract`.

> Before C# 11, interface members could not combine `static` with `override`, `virtual`, or `abstract`. Beginning C# 11, interface methods, properties, events, and operators can combine `static` with `abstract` or `virtual` by using `static abstract` or `static virtual`.

Reviewer: @copilot address this comment. The .NET 6 preview support isn't important, but the grammar and C# 11 version is.

---
# Compiler Error CS0112

A static member 'function' in a class or struct cannot be marked as override, virtual, or abstract.
  
Any method declaration in a class or struct that uses the `override`, `virtual`, or `abstract` keyword cannot also use the `static` keyword.

Before C# 11, interface members could not combine `static` with `override`, `virtual`, or `abstract`.

> In C# 11, interface methods, properties, events, and operators can combine `static` with `abstract` or `virtual` by using `static abstract` or `static virtual`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before C# 11, interface members could not combine `static` with `override`, `virtual`, or `abstract`. Beginning C# 11, interface methods, properties, events, and operators can combine `static` with `abstract` or `virtual` by using `static abstract` or `static virtual`.
```
